bpo-36073: Raise ProgrammingError on recursive usage of cursors in sqlite converters (#11984)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2019-06-22-11-01-45.bpo-36073.ED8mB9.rst

> Raise ProgrammingError on recursive usage of cursors in sqlite converters.

Reviewer: Missing reST formatting and attribution.

```suggestion
Raise :exc:`~sqlite3.ProgrammingError` on recursive usage of cursors in
:mod:`sqlite3` converters. Patch by Sergey Fedoseev.
```
